I'm sure you'd rather wait for
your investigator to get here.
She's here.
I could hardly ignore a
telegram from a dear old friend
saying that someone
was trying to kill her.
If Jessica needs help,
then you're hired,
for muscle, mop-up...
Muscle?
Magnum...
I'm sorry,
but I'm not available.
Even for twice your normal rate?
Look out! Get down!
Good luck
with your investigation.
Thanks. Good luck
with your next novel.
Thank you.
Echoes of Ecstasy. Mr. Masters
had hoped to complete it
in time to be here
for your arrival.
But he feels confident that
he'll finish the final pages today
and leave Greece this evening.
Echoes of Ecstasy?
What's wrong with it?
Oh, nothing, as a title
for a soap opera.
But it hardly heralds
quality prose.
Serpent's Whisper.
That was his best title.
Thank you.
I suggested that.
You know, Robin was gonna call
that one Valley of the Vipers.
Pamela, I thought
we'd have tea at the estate
before I deliver your friends
to their hotel.
Oh, good.
Joan, please, will you
cancel that reservation?
I didn't talk you
into making this trip
just so you'd hole up
at some hotel.
Darling, please,
don't start in again.
Just meeting Robin Masters
will be quite enough.
Amy and I
wouldn't want to impose.
Oh, don't be silly.
Robin would want my friends
to stay there with me.
Right, Jonathan?
No.
He can't possibly pass here.
I just can't jump
into something that risky.
Risky?
Thomas, my friend Ron
works for the hotel chain.
He guarantees me
that they're gonna make a bid
on the whole Makali Pua
Valley within a month.
People go to Maui
for the beaches.
Why would anybody build
a hotel that far inland?
Who cares? The point is,
it's gonna triple in value
once they make the bid
overnight.
Yeah, but when it doesn't,
I'm stuck with the payments
on a $10,000 loan.
I'm sorry.
Come on, Thomas. Look, T.C. And
I are committed to this deal.
We can't swing it by
ourselves. You gotta help us.
Oh, Rick...
Okay, maybe I'll go along, but only
'cause you two guys are my friends
and you need a third partner.
I guess I can talk
to the bank next week.
Today.
We're leaving for Maui
in the morning.
Tomorrow? I can't qualify
for a loan that fast.
I hadn't thought of that.
I guess you can't qualify
at all.
Yes, I can. I'm just...
Hi, Higgins.
May I present Miss Pamela Bates,
Mrs. Joan Fulton and her
secretary, Miss Amy Salyer.
Jonathan, for God's sake, this
is no time for introductions.
Joan, as soon as
I've made my call,
you phone the hotel and cancel.
You and Amy are staying right
here until this matter is settled.
Pamela, I've had closer calls
in cabs on 7th Avenue.
Wait a minute.
What matter?
Yeah, what happened to the car?
En route from the airport, we
were involved in an incident
with suspicious overtones.
This is no time
to be euphemistic.
Somebody just tried to kill us.
It could have been deliberate
on the driver's part.
And then again, it could have
been an act of carelessness.
Maybe the driver
planned on being careless.
I don't think that truck
had a license plate.
It was a truck? What kind?
You got things to do,
remember? Don't get involved.
At least not until
we've been introduced.
Oh, Thomas Magnum.
This is Rick Wright.
If you ladies will make
yourselves comfortable,
I'll arrange for your rooms.
Mrs. Fulton,
it would be safer here.
I guess we'll find out.
I'll show you around.
Okay, Higgins. Let's have it.
Thank you.
That's not what I meant.
Look, I know you don't want to
show concern in front of the ladies
before you get me
to take the case.
Yes, if you could take another
one, that would be most helpful.
Oh, will you cut it out?
Why are you being evasive?
What really happened
out on that road?
It's a routine police matter, and I
can't understand why you or Pamela feel
that a private investigator
is needed.
Oh, Miss Bates wants to hire me.
It will only distress you
to continue this conversation.
Distress me? Why?
Very well, if you insist,
no one wants to hire you
for the case, Magnum.
Not Pamela and certainly not I.
Excuse me.
My Aunt Mildred should have
been in the diplomatic corps.
She was a master
of reverse psychology.
Whatever she wanted you to do,
she'd forbid you to do it.
I'd learned that Higgins was
no slouch at the art, either.
Telling me that I wasn't wanted
was supposed to make me
come begging.
And swallowing my pride might be
preferable to eating a big real estate loss,
but it was a lot easier to lose
to Aunt Mildred than to Higgins.
Forget it, Higgins.
It's too late.
I leave for Maui in 15 minutes.
I only need five.
I thought you'd still be in bed.
Mrs. Fulton,
I'm very busy.
Please call me Joan.
Know any good beaches?
We got a great one right here.
I'd prefer one
with more men than Dobermans.
Well, I'm sure Higgins can arrange
for you to use the one at the Club.
Or maybe you could?
I'm sorry,
but I'm not available.
Even for twice your normal rate?
Higgins told me you were
a private investigator.
I thought you weren't concerned
about what happened yesterday.
I wasn't, but Pamela
can be very convincing.
Yeah, I've noticed.
I love to watch men pack.
Look, all you have to do
is keep an eye on me
until Pamela's investigator gets
here and cleans up this mess.
Until her what gets here?
Oh, damn.
Higgins hasn't told you?
I wanted to spare you
further pain.
Pain? Higgins,
I never wanted the case.
I'm not sure
there even is a case.
Besides, this trip
is very important to me.
So does this big mainland
investigator have a name?
Pamela Bates prefers that
I not divulge the name,
and I must honor her request.
Miss Bates is a very old
friend of Mr. Masters,
the editor of some of
his earliest successes.
Does that mean you don't
like her hiring this guy?
You're just obliging her?
Not at all. I...
T.C. Is landing here again
without my permission.
Don't change the subject,
Higgins.
Since when am I incapable of
handling a simple auto accident?
Magnum, I regret to inform
you it may not be that simple.
No, Higgins!
They could be after you.
There were four people in
your car yesterday, remember?
You're grasping at straws. I'm not
going to ask you to investigate.
I don't want you to.
Then lift off immediately.
Did you qualify?
No.
He means,
did I qualify for my loan?
No, but I will. I only got
the application late yesterday.
Application?
We just called our banks and
got ours approved by phone.
Well, I'm not as liquid
as you are.
Jonathan, just what the hell is going on?
Pamela Bates, Theodore Calvin.
Pleased to meet you, Miss
Bates. Don't bet on it.
Jonathan, just what kind of
security do you call this?
The killer could have been
in that chopper.
Miss Bates, T.C. Does
not hire out to killers.
He and Rick are here to pick
me up for a business trip,
which I am taking,
if you're sure you still have
someone else for the case.
Well, of course
I have someone else.
I mean, look,
I'm sure you do very well
as an estate security guard,
but, well, I need
professional, competent help.
Where's Amy going?
Shopping.
She asked for the Ferrari
as Joan is not yet back
with the Audi.
You mean you just handed them
both the car keys and said go?
They're not prisoners here,
Pamela.
God give me strength!
Hear, hear.
Let's go to Maui.
Higgins, if this investigator
didn't work out,
you wouldn't be too proud
to call me, would you?
For the last time,
Pamela doesn't want your help.
Now lift off!
Maui, Thomas.
Just follow her
a little further.
Hey, Thomas,
didn't you get the hint?
Higgins said to stay out of it.
Come on, Rick,
you saw Amy yesterday.
She was too scared
to stay at a hotel.
Now, all of a sudden,
she wants to go shopping?
It's her business.
And speaking of business,
what about the cash for
your part of the closing?
Oh, I can't get the cash until I
show the bank a deed for collateral.
She's going shopping
in an office?
T.C., can you get closer?
Listen, Thomas, if you
really think you can qualify,
well, maybe I can advance you
your part of the down.
Down. T.C., please,
can you set down?
I'd rather set her down on Maui.
I know what you're thinking.
Okay, so maybe
I was still hoping
that the big mainland
investigator was a myth,
that maybe Higgins had pulled
the ultimate Aunt Mildred
to get me on the case.
Or maybe I was beginning to believe
that there really was a case.
Or maybe I just wanted
an excuse not to go to Maui.
Miss Salyer?
If he can afford
to buy land on Maui,
why does Robin let him
loaf around here rent-free?
Pamela, I'm afraid you have
some misconceptions about Magnum.
He's neither a loafer
nor a sponge, exactly,
and he isn't without merit
as an investigator.
Fine. Good. I'm just glad
his merits are on Maui.
Higgins.
Magnum, how did you get here?
I took the bus. Did Amy and Miss
Bates' investigator come back here?
My what?
The guy you hired to handle
this case. Was he tailing Amy?
Robin's Nest. Mr. Magnum, I don't
know what you're talking about.
My help hasn't even arrived yet.
I saw somebody
take off after her.
Yes, yes, she's a guest here.
Did you get a license number?
No, the car was too far away.
Brother.
And you wonder why I don't
want you on this case.
Miss Bates, could we forget about
your opinion of me for the time being?
I think Amy could be
in real trouble.
What a brilliant deduction.
That was the police.
The Ferrari has been found
abandoned, and there's no sign of Amy.
And you saw her?
You could have saved her
and you just stood there?
Magnum, how could you?
Look, I'm not supposed to
tell you anything, Magnum,
except, "Go to Maui."
Does that mean something to you?
It means Pamela Bates is
giving the orders, as usual.
Yeah, well,
she's the girl's next of kin.
Next of kin?
Sergeant, who's handling
the Amy Salyer case?
Me.
Oh, Pamela asked you to
handle it personally, huh?
She doesn't want you
involved, and neither do I.
Well, I'm involved, whether
anybody likes it or not, Browning.
I've been out all night
looking for Amy.
Captain Browning.
Listen, you have your car back,
and I'm sure you can get another
girl. Just let us find this one.
And what about the guy
who was following her?
Who told you about him?
I'm the one who saw him.
I guess the next of kin
didn't bother to tell you that.
She just said that the bum
that ID'ed the car
was too inept
to get a license number.
Captain?
Captain Browning here.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, I understand.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Your door was open.
I just wanted to call home, see
if maybe Amy had contacted them.
Look, Captain, it's 6:00 a. M.
You wanna get some coffee?
Get out, Magnum.
If Amy Salyer
turns into a homicide,
you can come back here and
buy Tanaka a whole breakfast,
but me, you don't manipulate.
Thanks for letting me
use the phone.
You didn't use it.
Not to call the estate, anyway.
If you had, you'd have known
that was Pamela Bates
on the phone just now.
Now her sister's missing.
Her sister?
Joan wouldn't stay out
all night without phoning.
I guess you know your sister
better than anybody.
Cute.
Amy's not my niece, either.
Well, I just wanted to avoid all
those unimportant explanations.
No, Miss Bates, I think you just
wanted to control the situation.
Either that or you don't want the
police to know much about your friends.
Mr. Magnum, I've asked you to
get lost as nicely as I know how.
And I believe you. And I believe I
know why you don't want me around.
And if you tell me the truth,
maybe I'll stay quiet.
Now, what the hell
does that mean?
It means that if Joan Fulton
had a book to promote,
this'd be a great way to do it.
What a preposterous theory.
Mrs. Fulton
is not even a writer!
Then why does she have
a secretary with her?
Her husband dropped dead
three months ago
and left a business
for her to run.
Well, maybe Amy's the one
with the book to promote.
Look, nobody's
promoting anything.
And I refuse to stand here
defending my concerns,
not when there's real help
on the way.
Why are you doing this?
Why are you? I wanna know
this real help's name.
Pamela's investigator is one
of the finest in the field,
a renowned name in the
intelligence community.
Well, if he's so renowned, why
can't you tell me who he is?
I have a right to know
who's replacing me.
You're not being replaced.
You were never hired.
Maybe because
there never was a case.
If it eases your pain to believe
that, then by all means do so.
And by all means go to Maui.
"Amy Salyer? She said to look
her up when I got to the Islands.
"Receptionist:
What was your name, sir?"
"Response: Well, I kind of
wanted to surprise Amy."
"Can you tell me
how to reach her?"
"Receptionist:
Please have a seat."
Then she called you,
Mr. Houston.
Transcription from the
reception area voice recorder.
Miss Salyer's told you that
she worked here, Mr. Magnum?
Yeah, but I didn't expect to rate
the president of the company's help.
She's one of your top people?
Cut it out and tell me
why you're here.
Press?
Undercover police?
Well, I'm just here
to see an old friend.
Tell me, does everything everybody
says here get written down or recorded?
In Amy Salyer's case, yes.
My attorneys want a record.
I intend to go after the first
paper that prints a headline like,
"Pacisle Mystery Woman
Still Missing."
Well, maybe you should just
explain what she was doing here.
She's never been here.
But one idiot claims he saw
her run from this building,
and everybody
takes him seriously.
She was here.
You're the idiot?
Can I talk
to your security guard?
I saw Amy speak to him.
The police
already questioned him,
and he says that no one fitting
Miss Salyer's description
came into Pacisle yesterday.
And I'm busy.
Goodbye, Mr. Magnum.
Yes?
Wait a minute!
Did you ask your doctor
to call you here?
Doc Ibold?
I...
Bold. B-O-L-D. May I?
Hi, Doc.
Her dyphylline prescription
was phoned into Pill Box Drugs.
She wants it delivered
to the Seaview Motel,
room number 1.
You should've tried the
bathroom window. It was open.
What are you doing in my room?
It's not yours.
Now, who are you,
and what do you want
with Amy Salyer?
What are you doing in my room?
Look out!
Thanks.
Your delivery
from Pill Box Drugstore.
Very good.
I'll bet you're the only private eye in town
who knows that asthmatics
can't be without their medicine.
It's "private investigator,"
and my doctor asked his asthma
specialist friends to call him
if you made contact.
One of his golfing foursome
phoned in your prescription
to Pill Box Drugs.
Why'd I have to panic and
leave my dyphylline in the car?
Yes, Amy, why?
Now, come on, you must have
some idea who this guy is.
I told you I don't.
Well, why'd you
run away from him?
Well, because I dumped
my boyfriend.
I had this friend in New York.
I just left without even
leaving a note or anything.
And I think this man may be a
detective he's hired to bring me back.
That's it?
For that, you went into hiding,
let everybody worry?
Yeah.
No.
Look, I just didn't plan
any of this.
You didn't plan to go
in the Pacisle offices?
No. I was lost.
I just stopped
to ask for directions.
Amy, you knew exactly
where you were going.
You were nowhere near
the shopping district.
Amy! Oh!
Where did you find her?
Find her?
Oh, I just happened
to run into Amy, Miss Bates.
I mean, I wouldn't want you
to think I was on the case.
Mr. Magnum...
Incidentally,
I may have also run into the guy
who tried to run you off the road.
I got the license number
this time,
but I'm sure you'd rather wait
for your investigator to get here.
She's here.
She?
She.
J.B. Fletcher.
I know J.B. Fletcher.
Well, I mean,
I know of J.B. Fletcher,
but I thought he was an author.
No, I mean, if you're the
J.B. Fletcher I know of,
I just didn't know
you were a woman.
That is, that he was a she,
and that she was also
an investigator.
An investigator?
Mr. Magnum, I'm afraid you have
me confused with someone else.
No, no,
he has his terms confused.
I said help was coming.
Will everyone please excuse me?
It was very nice meeting you,
Mrs. Fletcher.
Oh, yes, of course. I'm sure that
you've been through quite an ordeal.
And I'm sure we haven't heard
all the details of it,
right, Amy?
Mr. Magnum, I have to speak to Jessica alone.
I know that you will find out
if Amy's little secrets have any real
bearing on the case, Mrs. Fletcher.
Look, she just arrived.
We've hardly had time to talk.
Just a moment, Pamela.
Mr. Magnum, I could hardly ignore
a telegram from a dear old friend
saying that someone
was trying to kill her,
but I am certainly not here
to "work on a case."
Oh, my God.
J.B. Fletcher.
Jessica, Jonathan Higgins.
Oh, Mr. Higgins.
Forgive me.
I'm somewhat overwhelmed.
Please forgive my appearance.
Oh, yes, of course.
Cymbidiums always need care,
no matter what the crisis.
Extraordinary.
How did you know?
Well, it's obvious
that you have been working
with a compound of hapu'u
and volcanic ash,
which, incidentally, is an
excellent bed for cymbidiums.
I should have known that
you'd be a lover of flowers.
I think you should have known
a lot more than that, Higgins.
Miss Bates never mentioned
Mrs. Fletcher's name to you?
No, I didn't.
Well, then, this must be
kind of a shock for him,
to finally learn the identity
of the big mainland investigator.
Pamela, what have you
been saying about me?
Nothing, Mrs. Fletcher. Maybe
you shouldn't be in here.
You're dropping dirt
on the rug. Excuse me.
Mr. Higgins, is there
somewhere a bit more private
where Pamela and I
could go and talk?
We have a little catching up
to do.
Yes.
But, Jessica, I swear I never
called you an investigator.
Well, perhaps not, but
apparently you inferred that I...
Inferred. That's a good
word. Now, that's all I did.
I suppose Jonathan told
the bum P.I. All those lies
just to keep him off the case.
Keep him off?
Oh, Jessica, please,
I need a friend helping me.
Pamela, I am here as your
friend, and that is all I am.
But you need professional help,
and if this Mr. Magnum
is a P. I...
He's a bum.
Yes?
I've arranged for a light lunch.
Maine lobster salad
in honor of your arrival.
Oh, how very kind of you,
Mr. Higgins.
Will you ask Mr. Magnum
to join us?
Heliconia seemed appropriate.
In the Fijis, it's the flower
presented to important visitors.
Oh. Well, it's certainly
a lovely centerpiece,
but are you certain
that we couldn't squeeze up,
make a little bit more room
at the table?
No, that would require a complete
resetting. Magnum understands.
I'm fine, Mrs. Fletcher.
Really.
You wanted to talk to me?
Yes, about Pamela's problem.
Could you conduct
an investigation?
With all due respect,
Mrs. Fletcher,
I think that's what
you're supposed to do.
Yes, but wouldn't that be
a little ridiculous?
I mean, with a private
investigator available,
why would you need me?
I mean, don't you agree, Pamela?
Well... What is this lead
you claim you have?
Lead?
You said earlier you thought
you knew who ran us off the road.
Did I say that?
I think that Mr. Magnum has a reason
for not wanting to reveal his clues.
Yes, Mrs. Fletcher, I do.
I quite understand. I mean, after
all, it's your responsibility,
professionally.
And I'm just so glad that
you're going to take the case.
I'm not on the case.
Amy, what a lovely diamond.
May I see it?
Oh, sure.
I just wish it was real.
I'm not on the case.
Are we still arguing that point?
Where in hell have you been?
On the beach, more or less.
Well, in your "less" periods,
couldn't you have called?
I've got the police
looking for you.
Pamela, I'm f... 39.
I'm an adult.
I don't need a babysitter.
Oh, this is Jason.
Jason Bryan.
Joan and I met on the beach.
I'm sorry
to interrupt your lunch.
Joan said it was urgent
that she stop by here.
What was so urgent, if you didn't
know anybody was looking for you?
I have been in these clothes
since yesterday.
I doubt it.
Pamela, please.
May I present
Mrs. Jessica Fletcher.
How do you do?
Well, I'm impressed.
I came here to meet
a famous writer,
and I'm finally
getting to meet one.
Well, we're all so pleased
that you're safe, Mrs. Fulton.
You seem to have been spending a
great deal of time on the beach.
Couldn't drag her away
yesterday.
I'll arrange for more salads.
Well, I feel like
this is an imposition,
and I'd like to reciprocate
by inviting you all
over to my place
at 5:00 today.
I'm having
a little cocktail party.
Mr. Bryan, we appreciate
your invitation,
but Mr. Masters
is expected here this evening.
Yes, and you ladies
probably shouldn't go out
until Mr. Magnum
has solved the case.
I'm not on the case.
Oh, yes, you are.
If Jessica needs help,
then you're hired,
for muscle, mop-up,
whatever.
Muscle? Mop-up?
Magnum...
No, Higgins, that's it.
I have had it!
No more abuse!
Now, I have tried
to put up with it
because I thought there
might be a real problem here.
But if there is, nobody
wants to talk about it.
Amy won't talk, Joan has
absolutely nothing to say,
and you, Miss Bates, have
never even offered a reason
why somebody would
wanna kill you.
And I'm the only one
who's been shot at!
Magnum, sit down and be calm.
Higgins, stop treating me
like a child!
I'm an adult!
No more abuse!
Look out! Get down!
Is everybody all right?
Excuse me, please.
It was foolish of me
to give her the code.
I should have realized she
might be irresponsible enough
to leave the gates open.
I wanna know why someone just
happened to be waiting there
to follow them in.
Perhaps they were tailed here.
Or Amy and I were.
You know, Mayfield could
have had the place staked out.
Mayfield?
The guy who was after Amy.
He was driving a rental that was
booked out to a Paul Mayfield.
God, it's busy. And I can't
get ahold of Rick to find out
if he checked the address
or talked to Ice Pick.
Why would he talk
to Mr. Ice Pick?
Higgins, Mayfield
or whoever took the shot
knew exactly what he was doing.
In and out quick, no traces.
A professional assassin?
Magnum,
your performance at lunch
leads me to feel that I and not
you should pursue this matter.
What hotel were Amy and Joan
staying at originally?
The Royal Hawaiian.
Did you hear what I said?
Please remain off the case.
Fine, I'll take it. But maybe you
shouldn't discuss this with Mrs. Fletcher.
It's getting too messy
for amateurs.
Are you kidding? We're talking
minimal risk. Beautiful flowers.
Why, that's what Makali Pua
means, Thomas, beautiful flowers.
And the flowers here are great!
Why, Thomas, in the long run, we can't lose.
Long run? You said the land
would triple in value in a month.
It will if the hotel chain
makes a bid.
If?
Look, Thomas, other happy investors
have to get on the phone now.
I gotta get off.
Look, T.C. And I put up
your down payment.
Rick, what about Mayfield?
Yeah, he got a place here.
Swanky joint, too.
Now, Thomas,
did you get the loan?
Did you talk to Ice Pick?
No! Come on.
Thomas, you cannot do this
to Rick and me.
I mean, we signed the contract
before we saw the land.
What's wrong with it?
T. C., you level with me.
Tell me about this property.
What's to tell?
Like Rick said,
beautiful flowers.
Oh, yeah? Well, I'll let
you know if I qualify.
When?
When Rick talks to Ice Pick.
Thomas, wait a minute.
You can't... Thomas?
Come on in, Joan.
Oh. Oh, my goodness. Well,
with everything going on,
isn't this a rather strange
time to take a shower?
Well, not when
you smell like wine.
Oh. Did you want something, Mrs. Fletcher?
Well, I thought I might have some things
that could help you with this case.
What case?
Oh, please, Mr. Magnum,
things are beginning
to get serious.
That bullet could have
killed one of us.
So you have some little things
that might help find the gunman?
Well, not exactly, just things
that don't quite make sense.
I mean, for instance,
Joan said that she spent all
of yesterday on the beach.
Well, why wasn't her skin
more flushed?
Sunscreen.
Oh, nothing could block the sun out
for that number of hours, Mr. Magnum.
And what about Amy
lying about her ring?
I mean, she said it was a fake,
but I noticed that it was
an exceptionally fine stone.
Why does Amy lie about anything?
Yes, and what is
her marital status?
I noticed, for instance, that
the tan line on her ring finger
was wider than the diamond band.
Now, what does that
indicate to you?
That her diamond casts a shadow.
Look, Mrs. Fletcher,
all we know for sure
is there's a potential
murderer running around.
Now, I think it would be best
if you let me,
a competent professional,
look for him or her.
Good luck
with your investigation.
Thanks. Good luck
with your next novel.
Thank you.
Everybody, deep down inside,
thinks he or she
is a private investigator.
Jessica Fletcher
was no exception.
Despite her denials, I was
sure that she fancied herself
as the consummate crime solver.
I had to admit
that she had good instincts,
but diamonds and tan lines,
while interesting observations,
were not germane to the case.
I mean, it's okay for a novelist
to use non-germane clues
in the literary process,
but the criminologist
has to have clues
with a relativity
to the relative.
Well, you know what I mean.
Thomas? I talked to Ice Pick.
So call me
when you get your loan.
The deal's getting better
all the time.
We get the flowers for nothing.
This establishes the trajectory.
The bullet passed
right over this table.
Yes, where I had stood
only seconds before the shot.
Are you suggesting that
someone was trying to kill you?
I have a colorful past, Jessica,
with enemies who might well
deploy a professional assassin
to take their vengeance on me.
Sorry, Higgins. Your theory's
only half right. Where's Joan?
What?
Oh, she and Amy
went to Mr. Bryan's party.
We tried to dissuade them,
but...
Well, you should have
tried harder.
A guy matching
Mayfield's description
was at the Royal Hawaiian
yesterday looking for Joan.
Oh, I'm sorry, but you can't
presume that she was a target
just because someone
was looking for her.
Mrs. Fletcher,
guys like Mayfield
only look people up
for one reason.
I think he's
a professional hit man.
He must have a contract
to kill Joan.
Mr. Higgins, ladies, I'm
glad you could make it.
Come in, come in.
Mr. Masters
not flying in tonight?
No.
He deems it necessary
to remain in Greece.
Mr. Bryan, where is Joan?
Hmm?
Oh, well,
she's around someplace.
Now, the bar is over that
way. Just enjoy yourselves.
Party, party.
I cannot believe
we are doing this.
Pamela, please,
I could hardly leave
two women alone on the
estate after today's attempt.
I'll be back shortly.
Pamela, let's try and find Joan.
Yes.
Jessica, this is ludicrous.
What if the killer is here?
I might just as well walk
up and ask him to murder me.
Pamela, what is it
that you haven't told me?
What?
Well, you seem convinced that
somebody wants to kill you,
you personally,
and yet you haven't given
any reason for thinking that.
Please, Pamela,
you have to tell me
why you're so frightened.
Magnum, perhaps I was rash
in agreeing to this plan.
You have no real proof
about Mr. Mayfield.
Come on, Higgins, I explained.
Ice Pick says Mayfield
is a well-known hit man
with a very clean image.
Just the type Arthur Houston
would hire to do his dirty work.
And you believe
he's trying to murder Joan
simply because she wants
to own her company?
Well, it makes sense. Pacisle's registered
five bids since her husband died.
I checked with the SEC.
And Mr. Houston, unable
to persuade Joan to sell,
has decided to eliminate her and
simply negotiate with her estate?
Right. When he found out
he couldn't scare her...
With the car incident, yes.
And you theorize that Amy
Salyer was at Pacisle yesterday
to deliver Joan's final refusal,
and so he decided to take
more drastic action.
It's not a theory. Joan
would already be dead if...
If Mayfield had known
her whereabouts.
And you speculate that he was following
Amy in order to find his target.
Speculate? He followed Amy
and me to the estate.
He saw Joan go in,
he took a shot.
There's no speculation about it.
I suppose the theory
is plausible.
Good.
I'm glad you understand.
Now, will you go back in,
stay with Joan
until I can catch Mayfield
making his move?
We haven't found Joan as of yet.
We?
I had no choice but to bring
Jessica and Pamela with me
in order to go along
with your plan.
I now realize
that that was folly.
Their lives will be
in danger again
when the assassin
makes another attempt on me.
On you?
You said you understood.
You agreed that Mayfield
was after Joan.
I did not agree,
and I understood your theory
the first time around.
I said it was plausible.
But as usual,
you're basing it on a hunch
rather than
on deductive reasoning.
Higgins... I shall give Mr.
Mayfield 30 minutes to arrive
and make an attempt on someone
before taking the ladies home.
That's the last place
I'd wanna go right now.
You have to go back to New
York and deal with it. Tomorrow.
No.
Do you realize
we're talking about millions?
Pamela, do you have proof that
he's been embezzling the royalties?
Well, I took some
very incriminating papers
I found in his sock drawer.
Please don't ask me why I was
looking in his sock drawer.
Look, all I ask is that you
go back and talk to the police.
Talk?
You think they'd take my word
over a powerful publisher?
Yes. You have proof.
No, I'd never get there.
Pamela, you asked for my help,
and that's what
you're gonna get.
Now, you and I are going to
take the first flight to New York
tomorrow morning.
Paul.
Jason.
Good to see you.
Arthur.
Paul. Come on, I'll get you a drink.
So tell me, Paul,
how's Molly these days?
Fine.
Jonathan.
Mrs. Fletcher,
I was getting concerned.
Have you seen Pamela?
Yes, and I'm afraid
we're going to have to leave.
Leave?
Why, how long
have you been here?
Glad you changed your mind about
coming. Anyone else with you?
Everyone.
Joan, where have you been?
I've searched the house,
the grounds...
I've been around.
Will everyone stop acting
like I need a keeper?
I think you better
stay with her, Jonathan,
just in case
Mr. Magnum is right.
Pamela and I can take a taxi back
to the estate. We have packing to do.
Packing?
I don't understand.
I'll explain later.
Pamela! Pamela,
I've called a taxi.
Pamela?
She isn't here,
Mrs. Fletcher.
Oh, yes, so I see.
What are you doing?
I'm trying to keep an eye on
Mayfield without him seeing me.
Did Higgins find Joan yet?
Yes. If you don't mind
my making a suggestion,
I have a hunch that it's Amy who
may be in some kind of trouble
and not Joan.
Uh...
I don't play hunches. I stick
to logic and deductive reasoning.
Oh, and it's logical to think
that this man is after Joan,
when you found him
following Amy?
Yes, because he was
following Amy to get to Joan.
Relativity, Mrs. Fletcher.
That's the kind of knowledge that
makes me a private investigator
and you a novelist,
and a very good one.
Thank you.
I'm sure that normally you're
very good at what you do.
Well, I'm afraid I have to
say goodbye and find Pamela.
Goodbye?
Yes, we're leaving
for New York in the morning.
Well,
good luck on your next novel.
Oh, and good luck
on your next investigation.
Yeah.
Wait!
Mrs. Fletcher,
we may have a problem.
Could you please call the
police, tell them to hurry,
and then get Joan out of sight?
Oh, yes, of course.
Thank you.
All right, Mayfield,
come on out. Come on.
Hey, what...
Jessica, please, stay behind me.
I took Jessica and Pamela to the airport.
Jessica sent you this,
with her congratulations and apologizes.
How thoughtful?
Houston confessed?
Late last evening.
I must appear quite the fool to Jessica.
I'm sure she's just relieved that
your theory was wrong, Higgins.
Maybe more relieved than you realized.
She does say wonderful things about you.
There's also an article on page 4a
that should be of interest to you.
The Maui land deal was a hoax.
Someone spread a rumor that
the hotel was buying acrage
in order to rump the price of
some worthless land there.
I know, but it's not worthless.
We figured to get our money out eventually.
We?
You're still buying? But
you're not legally committed.
I know but Rick and T.C. are.
I made a commitment to them.
Commitment is a very
important thing, Higgins.
To a promise or a...
to a feeling for another person.
Sometimes you just have to...
get in for the long haul
and see how it goes.
Don't you agree?
Quite.
Actually, we figured we can form a co-op
with some of the other investors
and promote the valley.
I'm told the state of Maine
is beautful in summer.
Perhaps I'll take my vacation there.
The guys feel our acre just
needs some improvements.
Excellent food.
Maybe we can plant some more flowers.
Turn it into a tourist attraction.
Magnificent cymbidiums in Maine.
In the proper season of course.